0:00 | Ryan
thank you. Hey, hey, how? 

0:04 | Todd
Are you feeling? 

0:05 | Ryan
I'm pretty tired, but overall, I'm doing okay. How about you? Good. How's the week been? 

0:13 | Todd
Yeah, it's been interesting. I took the payments one on one class yesterday that they had online. So that was interesting. There was one other class that was offered earlier in the week that I took. I'm on team building and relationships and stuff. All basic stuff. I actually was a psi Isa for a while when I was with mcdonald's so I know a lot of the payment terms. So it was nice to have a little refresher there as well. 

0:44 | Ryan
Oh, really? Yeah. 

0:47 | Todd
You'd be surprised what's in my background man. I, 

0:50 | Ryan
don't think I would be surprised at this point. I think at this point, you've had your hands in almost everything. 

0:59 | Todd
Yeah, a little bit of everything. Yeah, absolutely so. And I am now a genius. 

1:04 | Ryan
I see, I was gonna mention that it looks pretty good. 

1:08 | Todd
Yeah, I got a blue one and a black one. They're just these thin pullovers but, you know, for conferences and stuff, these are awesome. 

1:16 | Ryan
That's great. Yeah, that's awesome. Did you go on the team store? Yeah, I did on the team store. Nice. Did you use your personal card for that? Yeah, just expense it? Okay. Yeah. Just expense that… we're still in the process of trying to figure out how to get a bulk one done, but. 

1:41 | Todd
I. 

1:41 | Ryan
don't know that it's going to be through that channel. We might end up doing our own channel just in pulling some of the logos, but just expense, whatever you bought from there, I. 

1:51 | Todd
Think it would be good to have everyone at fstech, kind of uniformed up and identifiable with the genius label. 

1:58 | Ryan
Yeah, I'll tell you that's one gap in kind of like the events pipeline or the events change right? From having it directly on our team to kind of like the broader gold payments or genius team. There is. We used to be so good about kind of like uniform a uniform look and, you know, we would all have the same thing. And now it just seems like the expectation is that everybody wears their own thing. And I just think that it's much more professional to have especially for as big of a presence as we'll have at the show for everybody to be dressed, you know, about the same so well, especially. 

2:38 | Todd
When you're trying to rebrand yourself, yes, you know that the branding is important and genius is still new enough where people are going to ask, well, what is genius? Yeah, you know, so absolutely, I don't know. It's interesting if there's anything I can do to help that or if you need, I'll go out and gather everyone's sizes and stuff. If we want to get a group order together. 

3:03 | Ryan
I appreciate that. Thank you. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Yeah. 

3:07 | Todd
Otherwise, the subject here is pricing as I'm looking at the before. 

3:14 | Ryan
We get into that real quick. I wanted to ask, how your wife's doing? 

3:19 | Todd
She's doing okay. This is really hard. You know, they finally got… the coroner's report and, you know, it took three and a half weeks to get it, which when you're 59 years old, you start asking questions why somebody passed away. And when nobody had answers, it's tough and, you know, the three sisters lived within an hour of each other and we're great friends and it is just a huge loss. So, that celebration of life is happening on the Sunday of memorial day, you know, Labor Day weekend. So kind of working on that and just going through pictures and there's a lot of tears and, you know, it's still and her dad is just heartbroken you know, he lost his wife 14 years ago to lose his oldest daughter is just… but thanks for asking. I mean, it's just, you know, it's she had two kids and a stepdaughter and… you know, everyone's taking it hard. Yeah. 

4:47 | Ryan
I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, that's really well. 

4:50 | Todd
As a Guy and a husband, you know, you want to fix things and you want to, you want to be the protector and you want to carry her through and there's just nothing you can do nothing. Nothing you can do makes it better. And that sucks for me, but, you know. 

5:04 | Ryan
I know it does, it's like, you know, not… to be, not to be selfish, right? But, you know, you're a lot of your time is consumed, right? By trying to… maybe bring a more positive outlook. And, you know, just because you have a more positive outlook on things… maybe, your wife just still isn't feeling like she, you want her to or she should, right? Sort of thing. So. 

5:33 | Todd
I think it's even deeper than that in that, you know, what I'm just trying to be is whatever she needs me to be for her. Yeah, and that's all you can do. And even though, you know, I think guys are wired to fix a lot of things. Yes. And sometimes there's unfixable things. 

5:53 | Ryan
So, 

5:54 | Todd
you know, then you struggle with, well, what should I do? What can I do? And sometimes the best thing you can do is nothing. 

6:04 | Ryan
Yeah, I'll tell you it's one thing that I have traditionally struggled with is I want to help, I want to be a fixture sort of thing. And sometimes there's just things that, you know, you can pick up the pieces sort of thing, but it's not possible to put them fully back together. Like they were, absolutely, it's hard for me to understand that. 

6:31 | Todd
Still men are from mars. Women are from venus, you know, book. We're just wired differently and. 

6:39 | Ryan
Wired differently. 

6:41 | Todd
Understand that and accept it. Sometimes it doesn't mean it makes it easy. It just means it makes it different. 

6:47 | Ryan
Yeah, absolutely. 

6:49 | Todd
So, yeah. Did you see the email I got from Maggie from the world pay team? I. 

6:54 | Ryan
Did I was just getting ready to comment on that? So bad news on the POS, right? They're getting ready to sign a five year renewal with Q, which sucks. I even like, you know, when I initially read that email, I was like, man like that really sucks on the POS side, however, like, I wonder like could we throw out some like lowball crazy offer to them even? 

7:20 | Todd
So, I think the question goes back to my transactional metered transactional pricing for, you know, they're a worldpay customer. Can we offer them something stupid to say? Look, we can fund all your tech in a different way. And if you want to be our pilot customer with us, we'll give you a POS for free for a year. The same does that? 

7:47 | Ryan
Move the needle, go ahead. Sorry, I. 

7:50 | Todd
mean, the question is, does that move the needle? Yeah, I. 

7:55 | Ryan
don't yeah, like, I don't know the five year commitment thing I'm just thinking about like what we do for commitment wise? Like does that truly mean they're locked for five years and they can't use something else or, you know, what does that? 

8:08 | Todd
It depends on what the contract is, right? Par wrote five year contracts with dairy queen that were the price was locked or there was some kind of annual price increase that par was allowed to take. And some of the contracts we wrote were, you know, three or five years that were auto renewed on the anniversary date yearly. So you had the option to be popped out. I think that would be a great question for Jeff, you know, getting him cornered a little bit on there or, you know, maybe I send him a message that says, hey, you know, something along the lines of I've got a really interesting offer for you if you just want to take a look at it on the POS side? 

8:57 | Ryan
Yeah, I think it's worthwhile to at least throw the hail Mary and, you know, without hurting our chances on the digital menu board side, you know, I think it's worthwhile back to your comment here as it relates to the transactional pricing versus using a standard capex opex model. I think we have some work to do there. And I wouldn't say like, you know, our team in particular, I think our team of course has some work to do, but I think the broader global payments team has a lot of work to do and a lot of steps to actually make that become a reality. We're taking steps there, right? By, like the cke program, what we're doing is we put together three different models. One was your standard capex opex, one was right, built in mainly to the opex. And then third was kind of a model in which we were doing it basically with the transactional payment piece there. And so even such, you know, I don't know all the logistics on the backend, right? For how we're charging how revenue comes to our business, right? Versus one of the other businesses. And so that's why, you know, I was saying, I think that we probably have some work to do collectively. I would think that it's more so on the payment side than our side though. Yeah. 

10:23 | Todd
I would agree with that. Just, I mean, one's accounting, right? It's just a pure accounting, figure it out. But the other is, you know, how do you operationalize the capture of the money and, you know, so that the customer, it's transparent to the customer and it's you know, working on our end, there's lots of benefits, but there's also a couple of things that if you don't get, right, you're going to look like an idiot in the way you execute it. So, I agree. It's got to be ready for at least one customer that will be our Guinea pig for it. I, yeah, I continue to think that that's if we're really going to have a game changing model that's the model that is going to gain some traction. And I'm going to do some soft socialization… of the idea but not necessarily say we've got something like that. At this point. It'd be a, well, what if we could do this? 

11:28 | Ryan
Yeah. What if we could do it? Yeah. Just putting myself like my customer hat on here, especially if I, you know, you have cash flow problems right now? 

11:40 | Todd
Why? 

11:41 | Ryan
Would you not take that model right? The more money that you would, of course, right? There are things to consider, right? On both sides, whether you know, is bankruptcy in play? Is there a large amount of debt? What kind of credit checks are we doing? Right to confirm? Like there's lots of things. But if I'm in their shoes, heck, yeah, I'm going to keep the cash on hand and pay the transaction based on have to do with the transactional rate versus paying the capital, right? You. 

12:10 | Todd
Know as long as it's transparent and it's not the toast model where we just raise your rates to cover this by a percentage. We actually put a, you know, a cap on how much we collect based on the contract for the POS or for the digital menu board. It's a win situation because they get to keep their cash and we actually get paid earlier than we would normally if we typically bill, you know, you have your thing for 30 days and then we bill or do we bill ahead? And then I don't know our billing model in terms of when our bill goes out, are we billing for the previous month or the future month? 

12:52 | Ryan
For it, we bill ahead of time? Okay? 

12:54 | Todd
So then we would be actually taking a little bit of a loss in terms of that, but we'd save the money and the processing costs, the sending out the bills and waiting for people to pay the bills, which you know, Ar is always a problem in this business it. 

13:11 | Ryan
Is, yeah, the collectability is always a challenge and that's why I mentioned things like debt credit checks. 

13:19 | Todd
But do we have, if they're already a payments customer? Do we need to worry about that because we'd be taking the money that we're already collecting? 

13:26 | Ryan
I would think probably, I would think probably not, but I can't be the person to answer that. 

13:32 | Todd
I think the only thing we would have to worry about as far as credit goes. At least in my mind, is, are we going to fund hardware that way? If and to me, I'm talking about SaaS, eliminating of SaaS hardware as a service becomes a completely different game because now you're fronting them the hardware and collecting it in the past and charging them some interest yeah. 

14:01 | Ryan
Absolutely for it. All right. One other thing here. I wanted to mention, I had on my list for you before we jump into the pricing you should have. You should have received an email from Tracy to your personal, the bridgepoint ops. 

14:17 | Todd
Don't know. 

14:19 | Ryan
For the guillotine league, if you're still interested. 

14:23 | Todd
I am interested. All right. 

14:30 | Todd
Oh, no. Oh, guillotine. Okay. Yeah, it's all in there in here. Perfect. Thank you for letting me know that. All right, perfect. I'm in. 

14:40 | Ryan
Great. 

14:43 | Todd
Do they do this online with anyone? Or like yahoo or something? Or is this? 

14:49 | Ryan
There's actually a website called guillotine that's used here. It's called guillotinelegs. Com. And so that's the platform as soon as we get everybody to say, yes, I'm of the opinion we probably have our full that'll be, we'll probably distribute the link to the group so that everybody can, you know, sign up if they need to or do the draft, that sort of thing. So… cool. Exciting stuff. 

15:22 | Todd
Game on. 

15:24 | Ryan
Game on my friend. Game on. All right. Let's jump into pollo, comparo. Here I'm excited to jump into this exercise with you, so. 

15:32 | Todd
Let me first share… this is the, I… think we're in reasonable shape with the RFI document we put together and that's part of what Scott is working on. And I'll work with him on that. For me. Pricing is kind of the, okay, this is what I need to work through because this is really my first pricing full pricing exercise with something like this. Yeah, you know, just line by line. Do we usually charge for a project kickoff and project management? 

16:17 | Ryan
We've been starting to put in a project management fee for specific to the POS piece just so that there's some, you know, skin in the game sort of thing. I don't know that we've actually ended up charging for this. I mean, usually it's kind of a lever for us to say that we'll waive any project fees, just, you know, sort of thing. It's not to say that we won't but it's certainly something for us to kick around here. So. 

16:48 | Todd
In a RFP situation, is that something you would typically toss in right away for free or would you leave that as a negotiation point for later? Yeah. 

17:01 | Ryan
Probably leave it off. I think my, this is my opinion only. But as it relates to rfis, rfps, I am totally a believer in a survive in advance kind of model, right? And so not that I want to be… not that I want to lie, not that I want to hold things off by any means, but I think if you can get to the stage where your product is good, your proposal is good and you can start to have a discussion on what's in the realm of possibility, you can work through all of those other things. And again, not that we want to keep them off, but we just want to give them something baseline so that they can understand what we're charging for my opinion and my opinion, only here, they're not hiring somebody professionally here to run this RFP, they're probably not going to do a thorough enough job in the RFI or RFP stage here to look through every single proposal and understand and communicate and ask questions. And so, I think, that will be our job in the later stage, assuming that we make it to the later stages, that will be our job at that point, right? To then start to communicate, you know, the different we'll call it add on pieces here. My. 

18:17 | Todd
Guess is that there's only two or three companies that are involved in this right now. Okay. Yeah, great. And I think it is definitely Ann and maybe our friends over from mood media. So. Okay. So I guess how if we go about scoping project hicked off, is that something you would typically price or is there somebody else you would call in to give a price that we would normally charge? You know, you talked about POS, this is digital menu board. Do we treat it the same way or treat it differently? 

18:59 | Ryan
Yeah. So the upfront project cost as it relates to the digital menu board, they're typically around the content management piece and us putting together assets, right? To actually show. I mean, if they're doing, I don't know how complex pollo campero's, menu is here. But if we're like, you know, just doing basic, you know, the basics of, you know, digital menu board and their assets and that we wouldn't charge for it. But if we get to like let's just say a location and we're managing it for nine days and they're requesting for us versus them, right? To make changes that are upwards of, you know, tens or twenties of a week sort of thing, then we probably need to think about charging for some of, that planning here with that said in the RFP stage, we're not quite there yet. And so I would recommend us keeping a project fee off of here, but trying to gather assets from them upfront to help… put together content that we can actually display in the form of a demo. And the. 

20:02 | Todd
way this reads conduct kickoff, confirm government roles, project plan, timelines, communication, risks and dependencies to me says, OK, this is just a project kickoff. I would normally say there is no one time fee. This is included in our service. 

20:18 | Ryan
Yeah. Sounds good site. 

20:21 | Todd
Surveys, you know this, I know we have an option for self survey and, or, and a professional, I think we put some of that, but we didn't have any pricing in the RFI. Is that something we have on the price sheet someplace? 

20:42 | Ryan
Yeah, we will, let me get it. Let me get it for you. I have. 

20:46 | Todd
The pricing sheet over on another screen here? 

20:49 | Ryan
OK. Yeah, it should, the site survey should be on there. And the reality is, I mean, the time that the site survey takes is probably about the same for menu board POS drive through. 

21:05 | Todd
Let's see terminals, tablets, ad hoc, POS, kitchen, POS services. 

21:19 | Todd
Yeah. This spreadsheet is clunky. Is that a good word for it? 

21:26 | Ryan
Clunky is a good word for it. Yes, it is.